HIS'15 CALL FOR PAPERS 
http://his-conferences.org/2015
28th- 30th May 2015, Melbourne, Australia

Paper Submission
HIS 2015 is using the EasyChair conference management system. The submission website is at: https://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=his2015. Please submit your research papers and follow the instructions on the web page. The submission deadline is November 15, 2014. 

Workshops and Panels
In addition to technical and industry contributions, HIS2015 invites proposals for workshops and panels. For workshops, HIS'15 will provide administrative support for workshop room booking, registration, and publication. All papers accepted by HIS'15 workshops will be published in a combined volume of Lecturer Notes in Computer Science series published by Springer (pending for approval). Workshop Proposals should be sent as e-mail attachments to HIS.Conf@gmail.com (or chaoyi.pang@gmail.com). 

Publications
The HIS2015 Proceedings will be published by Springer. Papers should be submitted in LNCS format as PostScript or PDF files, and may not exceed 12 pages for regular paper, industry papers up to 6 pages.

Special Issues 
Selected papers from the conference will be invited to submit extended versions to journals: Health Information Science and Systems, Transactions on Scalable Information Systems, and  World Wide Web.


HIS 2015 provides a forum for disseminating and exchanging multidisciplinary research results in computer science/information technology and health science & services. HIS 2015 aims to integrate computer science/information technology with health sciences & services, embracing information science research coupled with topics related to the modelling, design, development, integration, and management of health information systems and health services. The scope includes: 

1. Medical/health/biomedicine information resources, such as patient medical records, devices and equipment, software and tools to capture, store, retrieve, process, analyse, optimize the use of information in the health domain; 
2. Data management, data mining, and knowledge discovery (in health domain), all of which play a key role in decision making, management of public health, examination of standards, privacy and security issues;
3. Development of new architectures and applications for health information systems.

Important Dates
Paper Submission due: 	      November 15, 2014
Acceptance notification: 	January 15, 2015
Camera-ready due: 	      February 15, 2015
 

