	HIS2016 Call for Participation

5th International Conference on Health Information Science 2016
6-7 November, 2016 | Shanghai, China
http://www.his-conferences.org/2016/

Join us at the  5th International Conference on Health Information Science (HIS 2016)£¬ 6-7 November, 2016.
This international gathering brings together a vibrant and diverse community of innovators, thinkers, and progressive educators to delve into leading-edge topics in Health Information Science. We build connections across research, design, and practice to disseminate and exchange multidisciplinary research results in computer science/information technology and health science & services. HIS2016 will be held in Shanghai China (Crown Plaza Fudan).

The program features a two-day program with a number of invited talks by prominent researchers, and 13 research papers and 9 short papers on health information science research areas.

	Highlights:
	Keynote speakers:

Professor Ling Liu, Distributed Data Intensive Systems Lab, School of Computer Science, Georgia Institute of Technology, US
Topic: Leveraging Big Data Analytics for HealthCare Applications

Professor Lei Liu, the Institute of Biomedical Sciences at Fudan University, China
Topic: From Precision Medicine to Smart Medicine

	Invited Speakers:

Professor Fengfeng Zhou, College of Computer Science and Technology, Jilin University, China
Topic: A comprehensive curation of CRISPR annotations

Professor Uwe Aickelin, The School of Computer Science, The University of Nottingham, UK
Topic: Robust data mining with applications in medicine

Professor Xingshe Zhou, School of Computer Science, Northwestern Polytechnical University, China;

Professor Ramamohanarao Kotagiri, Computing and Information Systems, The University of Melbourne, Australia
Topic: Robust identification of Retinal Layers through OCT imaging in the Presence of Pathology


	Full papers:

Luming Chen, Shibin Wu, Zhicheng Zhang, Yanchun Zhu, Shaode Yu, Yaoqin Xie and Hefang Zhang. Real-time patient table removal in CT images

Liang Xiao and John Fox. A distributed decision support architecture for the diagnosis and treatment of breast cancer

Zhihua Ji, Shaode Yu, Shibin Wu, Yaoqin Xie and Fashun Yang. Improved GrabCut for human brain computerized tomography image segmentation

Shiqiang Tao, Benjamin Walter, Sisi Gu and Gq Zhang. WIDD: Web-Interface-Driven Development for Clinical Data Capture and Decision Support System for Deep Brain Stimulation

Zhisheng Huang. Knowledge Services Using Rule-based Formalization for Eligibility Criteria of Clinical Trials

Xiaorui Chen, Maureen Murtaugh, Corinna Koebnick, Srinivasan Beddhu, Jennifer Garvin, Mike Conway, Younghee Lee, Ramkiran Gouripeddi and Gang Luo. Dietary Management Software for Chronic Kidney Disease: Current Status and Open Issues

Chunfeng Liu, Rafael Calvo and Renee Lim. EQClinic: a platform for improving medical students¡¯ clinical communication skills

Xinying Wang. 3D Model Automatic Annotation and Retrieval Using LDA Based on Semantic Features

Tianyong Hao, Boyu Chen and Yingying Qu. An Automated Method for Transgender Identification from Clinical Trial Text

Kate MacPhedran and Yunkai Liu. Statistical Modeling Adoption on the Late-Life Function & Disability Instrument compared to Kansas City Cardiomyopathy Questionnaire

Hongyang Jiang, Fen Miao, Mengdi Gao, Xi Hong, Qingyun He, He Ma and Ye Li. A Novel Indicator for Cuff-Less Blood Pressure Estimation Based on Photoplethysmography

Porawat Visutsak and Yan Li. Autism spectrum disorder: Brain images and Registration

JuanyingXie, Ying Li, Ying Zhou and Mingzhao Wang. Differential Feature Recognition of Breast Cancer Patients Based on Minimum Spanning Tree Clustering and F-statistics


	Short papers:

Changbin Yu, Jiangang Yang, Haolan Zhang, Yiwen Wang, Ke Huang, Honglei Cui, Mingfang Dai, Hongjian Chen and Yu Liu. A Case Study on Epidemic Disease Cartography Using Geographic Information

Xiaodong Wang. A novel algorithm to determine the cutoff score of the RS-14

Jiming Wu. Healthcare System-Use Behavior: A Meta-Analysis of Its Determinants

Liwei Xu. Internet hospitals study in China

Jingjing He, Mingmin Chen and Zhicheng Li. Edge-aware Local Laplacian Filters for Medical X-Ray Image Enhancement

Lihui Lei and Yuan Cai. A Dietary Nutrition Analysis Method Leveraging Big Data Processing and Fuzzy Clustering

Ye Chen and Hao Fan. Study on Intelligent Home Care Platform Based on Chronic Disease Knowledge Management

Hao Gui, Rong Zheng, Chao Ma, Hao Fan and Liya Xu. An Architecture for Healthcare Big Data Management and Analysis

Xia Jing, Francisca Lekey, Abigail Kacpura and Kathy Jefford. Health indicators within EHR systems in primary care settings: availability and their presentation